---
layout: post
title:  "The blog begins, perhaps"
date:   2016-05-18
categories: misc
---

I've been putting off starting a blog for a long time.  There are a couple of reasons.  One, I don't expect much interest in what I have to say, and two, I don't trust myself to actually maintain it.  But with the magic of [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), I can't use "too much effort" as an excuse.  Thanks a lot, [18F colleagues](https://18f.gsa.gov/team/)!

So anyway...  I'm still debating whether this blog will be limited to coding/technical stuff or if I'll let personal stuff slip in as well.  We'll just have to wait and see!

## A bit about me

I graduated from Mississippi State University with a bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering in 2004.  I put in one year on my master's degree but between the burn-out and the nice job offer I got from Uncle Sam, I abandoned that and went to work.

I spent two years at the Army Corps of Engineers in Vicksburg, MS, developing enterprise GIS data repository systems, which was more interesting than it sounds.  I quickly became disillusioned with government work and decided to try the private sector.  I spent four years at Intergraph working on an integrated security suite (physical security, not computer security; like sensors and door alarms and stuff).

It turns out, it wasn't government that I was disillusioned with, but just adulthood.  More time in it helped me adjust (along with some personal revelations and acceptance), and I ended up going back to the Corps of Engineers in 2011.

This second time around, I realized that there's something really special about government work.  I got to touch a whole lot of really important areas - disaster response, force protection, military logistics, and military acquisitions.  Seeing how my work had a real impact on actual people's lives changed my mind completely about what it means to work for the government.

## And what I like in tech

Javascript and Node.js have become my favorite things over the last several years.  I'm still not sure how it came to be that I _like_ Javascript, but...  Here we are!  I've discovered a little bit of joy in front-end development as well, having spent most of my early career trying to avoid any GUI development.  I enjoy software architecture and design, and I have a growing love of user experience.

## And what I do now

I'm currently at 18F, working in the acquisitions team where I am fully out of my comfort zone.  I'm settling into a team of people whose expertise and experiences are wildly different from my own and I _love_ what I'm learning.  I only hope I can share as much knowledge back as I'm gaining.  This 18F gig is an "NTE" (not-to-exceed) appointment, so eventually I'll be moving on, and it is my hope that I'll land in another federal job where I can bring in everything I've learned here.

## And what to expect next

I don't know.  Blog entry over.  You can go away now!
